### Problem

We are a non-profit group (NOT VAMPIRES) that organizes blood drives and we have recently run a survey to try to find ways to improve our turnout. We have surveyed 1000 people who were eligible to donate blood. We asked each respondent if they had donated at a blood drive in the past year, if they had ever donated prior to the past year, their gender (binarized), the state they were located in, their distance from the clinic in miles, the weather the day of the blood drive (hot, warm, cold), their level of belief in vampires (to restate, we are not vampires) with 1 being low and 5 being high belief in vampires, and whether or not the clinic offered food to donors (0=no food, 1=offered food).

With all of this information, we are curious to know what exactly affects a donor’s participation in a blood drive. Does being offered free food draw more people to the clinic? Are men or women more likely to donate? Do some states have more donors than others? Are people, or a particular gender more or less likely to donate based on their location from the clinic? Does weather affect whether people are willing to go to the clinic to donate? Are people who have previously donated (prior to the past year) more likely to donate? Are people who believe in vampires (which we are not) more likely to give us their blood?

How do all of these considerations affect participation on an individual basis? Which factors seem to have the strongest effect on whether or not someone decides to donate or not? We hope that you are able to help us analyze our data so that we are able to increase the number of people who attend our blood drives in the future!
